# CS6211 Systems Project Count Validation
This repository contains a couple scripts that will be helpful for validating the output of your map reduce project.  
It consists of two parts, a word count file generator and an output validator. These scripts are meant to validate that your map reduce implementation creates correct outputs when using the provided map and reduce scripts.  

## Word Count file generator
This script can be used to generate correct word counts for a couple of text files. It uses the same map and reduce logic that was provided to the class on ed discussion.  
To use this script:  
1. Add the text files you want the word counts for to the texts directory
2. Run the gen_word_counts.py script
This will output a file called correct_counts.txt in the generate directory.  

## Output Validator
This script can be used to validate the reduced outputs generated by your map reduce implementation.
To use this script:
1. Copy the correct_counts.txt file generated by the word count file generator script into the validate directory
2. Download and move your reduced outputs from blob storage into the validate/outputs directory
3. Run the validate_output.py script
The script will check your outputs against the correct counts file and print an OK or FAILED message to the console.  
  
Note: the correct_counts.txt file provided in this repository contains the combined word counts for the 6 largest text files in the Gutenberg Corpus. It can be replaced by a generated file that has any other amount of texts.
